# Partners and Solutions

Ultimately, an ontology is only as successful as the solutions in which it is utilized. As such, we are actively pursuing and deliver opportunities to test and realize the value of the ontology we have selected. These partners are implenting solutions with RealEstateCore-based DTDL ontology and have provided valuable feedback that's reflected into current version of the ontology.


## Idun/RealEstateCore
One solution powered by [RealEstateCore](https://www.realestatecore.io/) is [Idun ProptechOS](https://idunrealestate.com/proptechos/), which enables the creation of rich digital twins of  building management systems, IoT sensors, blueprints, assets management systems, and administrative systems – an operating system for the property owner's portfolio.

RealEstateCore is the common language used to model and control buildings, simplifying the development of new services. The ontology is rich and complete while providing simplicity and real-world applicability with proven industry solutions and partnerships. RealEstateCore precisely does not aim to be a new standard but instead provides a common denominator and bridge with other industry standards such as Brick, Project Haystack, IFC, and more.

Powered by the capabilities of RealEstateCore and Azure Digital Twins, Idun ProptechOS enables you to unlock a host of smart building benefits like better sustainability, well-being, productivity, and business. The ProptechOS [Partner](https://idunrealestate.com/proptechos-partners/) program provides reliable, safe, and the best possible service for the real estate industry via partner applications and integrations to edge systems prepared and ready to buy, install, and run with your ProptechOS installation with little effort. Partners provides sensor data or actuation mechanisms that let you control buildings via ProptechOS. Some partners even auto-provision and completely remove the need for manual work to get going with an e.g. application or BMS integration. Idun co-founded RealEstateCore and made ProptechOS to be the best way to use the industry leading open source standard.

ProptechOS is used by a number of significant customers at scale, including [Vasakronan](https://idunrealestate.com/news/vasakronan-takes-control-of-their-property-data-thanks-to-idun-proptechos-and-microsoft-azure/?utm_source=MS%20github&utm_medium=Content&utm_campaign=Microsoft&utm_term=Vasakronan), Sweden’s largest property company comprising 174 properties and 24.7 million square feet of real estate, as well as [YIT](https://yit.fi/en/), the largest Finnish and a significant North European construction company and urban developer.


## Willow Inc
One solution powered by Willow Inc. is [WillowTwin](https://www.willowinc.com/willowtwin/). The key foundation to WillowTwin is Azure Digital Twins, which enables developers to create comprehensive digital models of entire environments. Willow has fundamentally architected its solution with [Azure Digital Twins](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/digital-twins/) and [DTDL-based RealEstateCore ontology](), using the platform to model tens of thousands of assets and establish a live execution environment based on the real-time data from spaces, devices, and the relationships between them. Azure Digital Twins, together with the rest of the Azure IoT platform services, provides the robust capabilities needed for Willow to build highly scalable, secure, compliant offerings such as WillowTwin. For example, WillowTwin consumes One Manhattan West’s Building Information Models to create its Azure Digital Twins spatial graph, then creates relationships with live data coming from the Building Management System through BACnet gateways. Azure Digital Twins’ modeling, relationships, and live execution environment power WillowTwin’s fault rule engine to determine when issues need to be fixed in office spaces or when building machinery needs to be taken offline for maintenance. As a result, Willow was able to focus on the value they provide to their end customers, ultimately enabling Brookfield to combine all their data streams into a digital model of One Manhattan West, optimizing its operations of complex building systems, saving costs on energy usage, driving sustainability goals, and differentiating its tenant experience.
Learn more about Willow’s smart building solutions and development experience with Azure Digital Twins at our [upcoming IoT Show](https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Internet-of-Things-Show/Azure-Digital-Twins-for-smart-buildings-A-look-into-WillowTwin-solution).
